When did we begin reporting field service activity?
Prior to 1920, only coal porters, as pioneers were then called, were asked to submit reports.
But beginning in 1920, everyone in the congregation who participated in the witness work was asked
to turn in a weekly report.
The 1920 annual service report for the United States was the first to include the activity
of congregation publishers.
The report revealed that there were 8,052 class workers or publishers and 350 pioneers
active in the preaching work.
Twice a year during the late 1920s, one week was designated for a special worldwide witnessing
campaign.
Pioneers had a goal of 40 hours for that special week.
In January 1939, a suggestion was placed before congregation publishers.
A goal of 60 hours per month.
Early on, congregation field service reports were thorough.
Over the years, the forms used to report publishers field service activity have been simplified.
Reports have consistently included back calls or return visits, Bible studies, publication
placements, and hours spent in the disciple making work.
As was the case back then, there's always a story behind a field service report.
The first time I walked into a kingdom hall, when I was 16, I saw this chart on the stage.
And I realized this organization is concerned about what we do, what we say, and how much
we say about Jehovah.
I realized that from the start, so that after the third month of studying, when I started
going out in field service, I wanted to turn my time in, too.
And they showed me how to do it, and I've been turning it ever since.
Allen and I were invited into the Special Pioneer Service in 1966.
The monthly requirement was 150 hours, and 50 return visits.
It was a good incentive.
What we had a quota back then of 150 magazines, one for every hour, a special pioneers or
missionaries, and one day we run into our fellow missionary and his wife on the way to
the movies.
They went every Saturday, every Saturday, but this particular Saturday says, I can't go
to the movies because I don't have my 150 magazines, so I've got five more to go, and
then we can go to the movies.
Let's start in 1961, wouldn't it?
We were sent a special pioneer in a trailer of five hours of service every day.
And getting our time was no problem.
Living for a month or $100, that was a problem.
So Dave said, I'm going to go out and get a job, about that time they had put a new store
in town.
Beautiful.
He would now do that store and told them, I'm going to work one day a week.
What are you going to do the rest of the time?
So he said, well, I'd knock on doors and tell them about God's kingdom, it's really.
This is my door, knock on it.
He came in the truth, his wife came in the truth, children are in the truth.
And they had a secretary, didn't they?
She had seven children.
And she said, well, I'd like to study the Bible too, and we would study with seven after
they had supper.
And the beauty of it is that they did so well.
Yeah.
After that, we studied with the parents, so the time we got through it was probably almost
midnight.
And we took our circuit over to you there.
But he said, I'm too old for this midnight shift.
I never felt it was a question of getting the hours in.
I always try to make them quality calls, you know, try to say something with the people,
not just go there and get the magazines placed.
Or my Bible studies, I would try so hard to really get to know the people.
But it was never just a question of getting an hours.
We're trying to save lives.